I am at a 3 stories town house, number 7 Chetwynd Place. The house is located in a small alley behind a row of town house along Chetwynd Street, near the corner between Chetwynd Street and Queensberry Street. There is a construction site in the alley. Its the 3rd house from the head of the alley.
I'm on the Docklands esplanade in the multi coloured 6 story building. If coming down La Trobe Street past Etihad Stadium turn right when you hit the Esplanade and we are the second building on your right.
In Swan St Optometrist in Docker Street, seven meters from the North-east corner of Swan St, opposite the stone-coloured Beretta's Hotel and next to the public car park..
on Morotai Parade, at a t-intersection of Coomalie Crescent, 7o meters from The Tobruk Avenue end of the Bell St Mall in West Heidelberg.
In my apartment in the big block of flats on the corner of Park Street and Kings Way. The apartments take up the whole block of Park Street, Eastern Road, Napier Street and Kings Way. You enter my flat on Napier Street.
At 9 Lee Street Flemington where I am in my house which is on the right side if you're facing the city and about half way down the street. There is an arch with roses growing on it at the gate and the house is a double-fronted Victorian house.
Melbourne central office towers, near Melbourne Central shopping center. Its on Elizabeth st, just down from the intersection of Elizabeth and Latrobe. Opposite the Harley shop on Elizabeth st.
I am in apartment 22 of the Byfass apartment in 8 Trenerry Crescent in Abbotsford. Trennery Crescent is the last street on the north side of Johnston St before you cross the Yarra river going east. The Byfass building (No 8) is a three storey red brick building and is on the east (right) side of Trenerry crescent 100 metres in from Johnston St.
At the Murdoch Childrens Research Institute, in office W1043, on the 10th Floor of the Royal Children's Hospital, Flemington Road, Parkville, Victoria, 3052.
I'm in the Baillieu library in the University of Melbourne. This is in Carlton/Parkville in the city of Melbourne; between Royal Pde & Swanston Street (from West to East) and between Grattan St. & College Crescent (from South to North). I'm on the 1st floor of the library in the Percy Baxter Collaborative Learning Centre siting in my chair at computer terminal no. 3 - 5 (Group 3, Computer 5), facing the screen in a roughly south-easterly direction.
I am on high street facing beauty park. This park has a lake which overflows when a heavy rainfall happens which suggests there is inadequate drainage for this region. There is constant construction which keeps all residents up at night. The view towards the beach has a colorful sunset most of the time; except during overcast days.
I am at a private residence located on the western side of Barrington Avenue in Kew, approximately halfway along the street.
I am in the lobby of the University House - you will find me in the room just to your left after passing the concierge.
Waiting in front of the state library - under the statue of Redmond Barry; actually I didn't know it is his, but it is the one just in front of the entrance.
In my office on the 7th floor of the Babel building on the University of Melbourne Parkville campus. I am on the south side of the building, which us just to the left of professors walk.
In the Treasury Theatre, a place hard to find. It is behind Old Treasury, the landmark building at the end of Collins Street, and then downstairs, below street level.
three hundred meters far from auburn train station in second floor on an five floor apprtment in Gueens Ave which is incide of Hawthorn suburb district.
three hundred meters far from auburn train station in second floor on an five floor apprtment in Gueens Ave which is incide of Hawthorn suburb district.
three hundred meters far from auburn train station in second floor on an five floor apprtment in Gueens Ave which is incide of Hawthorn suburb district.
three hundred meters far from auburn train station in second floor on an five floor apprtment in Gueens Ave which is incide of Hawthorn suburb district.
In front of the Park Regis hotel on St kilda rd, on the left hand side if you are headed into the city. You need to be in the outside lane if driving or you won't be able to turn in. There is a semi circular driveway in front, pull in there.
In front of the Park Regis hotel on St kilda rd, on the left hand side if you are headed into the city. You need to be in the outside lane if driving or you won't be able to turn in. There is a semi circular driveway in front, pull in there.
In front of the Park Regis hotel on St kilda rd, on the left hand side if you are headed into the city. You need to be in the outside lane if driving or you won't be able to turn in. There is a semi circular driveway in front, pull in there.
In a shopping mall, just opened, calls itself vogue, but consists of Safeway and big w. One of these places without individual character, other than a beautiful view thru a glass roof.
I am living in an appartment just 3 minustes far from the Auburn train station which is a suburb of Melbourne located in east of it.
I am living in an appartment just 3 minustes far from the Auburn train station which is a suburb of Melbourne located in east of it.
I am living in an appartment just 3 minustes far from the Auburn train station which is a suburb of Melbourne located in east of that.
I am living in an appartment just 3 minustes far from the Auburn train station which is a suburb of Melbourne located in east of that.
I am living in an appartment just 3 minustes far from the Auburn train station which is a suburb of Melbourne located in east of that.
I am living in an appartment just 3 minustes far from the Auburn train station which is a suburb of Melbourne located in east of that.
I'm in my office at 215 Spring St Melbourne. Its on spring near the corner of Lonsdale St ( between Little Bourke and Lonsdale St), just across from the Chinese sculpture garden and the entrance to Parliament Station.
I'm at the Carousel restaurant. Its right on Albert Park lake, not on the side of the lake where Queensway is, on the opposite side.
In the city, bourke st, at a brutal iron sculpture that despite it's size disappears between the high rising buildings here.
In a really nice restaurant on Victoria street, quite out of place. Not far from the train station, to the south.
I am living in 2nd floor of an apartment in hawthorn, a suburb of Melbourne in east of it near to Auburn train station.
I am in the second floor of university of Melbourne near to downtown. in 174 building, located in the north of Grattan street.
In prahran. In a restaurant just after prahran market, when you come from chapel street. I don't know the name, but it is a modern western one.
Diner in parahn which has really nice american food, easy to get to from st.kilda but its hard from S.E suburbs.
1 bewdley st ormond vic on the corner of walnut st, off north rd, directly behind mckinnon secondary college opposite the back entrance to the sports oval.
i am in st kilda road, melbourne, two buildings east of the police headquarters. almost opposite is the royce hotel and from my 13th floor balcony i can see on my left melbourne grammar school, the botanical gardens and the shrine of remembrance to my right is the synagogue and fawkner park.
i'm stuck between a children's playground, a retirement village, a new building site and a defiant old fisherman's shack, a microcosm of this strange little town that's growing up do fast.
i'm an expat australian currently living and working in brussels, belgium. when in australia, i stay with family in cole st brighton, vic.
i'm an expat australian currently living and working in brussels, belgium. when in australia, i stay with family in cole st brighton, vic.
i am at the corner of flinders st and st kilda rd. opposite is flinders st station and on the other corners are young and jacksons and st pauls cathedral.
i am in my office at the united faculty of theology, within the centre for theology and ministry at 29 college crescent, parkville, directly opposite the melbourne general cemetery main gate.
10k east of melbourne, 1k north of camberwell station, near the t junction of barkers rd and burke rd, just off harcourt st.
i'm in an office on the eighth floor. my office doesn't have windows, but if i look through my glass door i can see across the university campus to the redmond barry building. i can hear the hum of the airconditioner and the sound of typing. i'm surrounded by books and papers and photographs.
i'm sitting on a bench. near a building. i think it's a public building. there is a busy road nearby. there are some grassy sculptures. and bike racks. and a car park nearby. i think the neaby building is a council building. it is a few decades old. there are lots of people coming and going from the building. lots of kids too.
i live in a leafy street which has a footpath running down one side. it is a beautiful tranquil area with many family connections for me.ith a.
corner of como parade east and parkers road, in the library building, next to the bee shop and across from the parkdale railway station.
on the border between the old workers' district and a new industrial zone, now turning into a very desirable inner-city suburban area.
from the nepean hwy service road, going *towards* mentone beach, turn left into swinden ave i.e. before the royal oak hotel. my house is on the lhs about 1/3 of the way up the street. it has a mushroom pink/brown wire 1940s style fence and a double carport in the driveway. ps i'd *hate* to see the development of automated systems for emergency services, not if telstra's automated service is anything to go by.
i am located on the grange estate on the eastern side of jacksons hill within the precincts of the township of sunbury approximately 40 kms from the centre of melbourne.
i am in west footscray at 71 pitt st this is a street that runs off ashley st opposite a shopping centre called central west. i am about 10 minutes walk from tottenham station.
in my office on the second floor of the baldwin spencer building, corner of tin alley and union rd at the university of melbourne.
i'm in the north-east corner of warragul, as close as you can be to lillico while being in warragul. i am literally on the edge of town. i am across the paddock from the old warragul drive-in cinema. the address is 23 nicolas crt. it used to be called bunyip crt.
i am currently at home in the sixth house from the end of princess st south on the left hand side as you enter the street from brougham st. i am in richmond, a suburb about three kilometres directly east of the city.brougham st runs east off church st south of bridge rd and princess st south is the third turn on the left. if you return to church st and go back north to the corner of bridge rd and turn left there and follow this road which becomes wellington parade and later flinders st you will arrive at federation square on your left at the corner of flinders st and swanston st.
97 ebden street, ainslie - starting at the ainslie shops, head up the middle street opposite the iga supermarket, turn left at the end of the street and head 250m up the road, with the house the third house on the left before the roundabout.
under the shade of a golden elm, in the beautiful goulburn river town of shepparton, close to the heart of this thriving regional arts city.
i am in st kilda road where there is an amusement park called luna park which is located near to the see.
in the st called neerim rd in carnegie which holds the same distance from two train stations of carnegie and murrumbeena.
there is a large expanse of lawn bordering the merri river surrounded by tall gum trees and beyond that, a hill with a single house.
the town of trentham in the central highlands of victoria,australia. once known for logging and gold but now potatoes and truffles and boutique get aways. close to e melbourne, ballarat, bendigo, and on the edge of the spa country's.
63.
